Answers

1. What makes a model linear is the parameters created by the model, the betas. It weighs the variables together and gives a predicted value, assigning different weights to different variables. The thing that is linear is the coefficients, not necessarily the x's because those can be squared, logged, etc. The betas are purely just multipliers regardless of what you do to the x variables.
2. You interpret the coefficient for a dummy variable as the mean value of the y variable for each category of that encoded variable IF THERE IS NO INTERCEPT. If there IS an intercept, then the intercept for the dropped/reference group of the variable (the one that will be all 0s) will be that group's mean of the y variable, and the other categories will be the *difference* of the mean of that new category from the reference category's mean.
3. Linear regression can kind of be used for classification if you use it to predict an output value that is then subject to a cutoff value, but it's not directly capable of classification. They are also difficult to interpret in terms of probability if you have it predict a number since it's on a continuous scale that will go outside the bounds of 0 to 1, making it an invalid probability.
4. (I assume this is a typo, so I'll just answer both variants) If you have a high accuracy on training, but low on testing, the model is likely overfit to the training data and is not actually learning the patterns. With high accuracy on testing, but low on training, there may be some sort of data leakage in the test set.
5. Two ways to incorporate nonlinear relationships between y and x are logging certain features or squaring them. You can also put them to other powers like cubed and square root, depending on what makes it capture the relationship (feature engineering). You are also able to use bins to cut the continuous variable into intervals and then make a regression line for each section rather than the whole thing all at once.
6. The interpretation of the intercept is the predicted value of y when all x variables are 0. A slope coefficient for a variable is the average change in y given a one unit change in that slope, given all other variables are constant. The interpretation of the coefficient of a one-hot encoded variable is, with an intercept, the average difference in y from the reference group for that given group. Without an intercept, the coefficient is the average of that given group's value of the y variable.